Zigbee: Add known issue in Zigbee Shell (#4009)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/known_issues.rst

KRKNWK-6073: Potential delay during FOTA
  There might be a noticeable delay (~220 ms) between calling the ZBOSS API and on-the-air activity.

.. rst-class:: v1-5-0

> KRKNWK-9119: Zigbee shell does not work with development libraries

Reviewer: ```suggestion
KRKNWK-9119: Zigbee shell does not work with ZBOSS development libraries
```

>   Zigbee shell cannot be enabled, when Zigbee samples are build with development libraries due to ZBOSS API changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Because of changes to the ZBOSS API, the :ref:`lib_zigbee_shell` library cannot be enabled when :ref:`zigbee_samples` are built with the :ref:`nrfxlib:zboss` development libraries.

**Workaround:** Use only the production version of :ref:`nrfxlib:zboss` when using :ref:`lib_zigbee_shell`.
```
